Description :
Design and develop an Application using the full-stack.

Project Title :

    WeddingWise - Event Management App

Project Description:

Design Phase:

 Sketch the layout of your application’s interface, focusing on usability and user experience. Use CSS frameworks like Bootstrap for a responsive design that adapts to various screen sizes.

Development Phase:

Frontend Development:

Use React for building a dynamic and interactive UI.
Create separate components for the login and registration forms.
Use React state and Formik to manage form inputs and validation messages. 
Utilize React Router for handling client-side routing.
 Implement Redux or the Context API for state management across the application.  
  Backend Development:

Set up Node.js and Express.js for creating RESTful APIs to handle requests and responses.
Use MongoDB for storing and managing tasks, user data, and authentication details.
Implement JWT, and Bcrypt for secure access.
Integrate middleware for user permissions and role-based access control.
Functionality Development:

Users can view decoration & plan, budget details.
Users can search & filter based on their preferences.
Allows users to plan their wedding events and manage various aspects such as ceremonies, receptions, and other related functions.
Enables users to search for, select, and manage vendors for different services needed for the wedding, such as catering, photography, venue, etc
Users can fill out their preferences for event execution using form.
Users can view all registered events with desired scheduled timing
Users can update all registered events (CRUD).
Helps users set and track their wedding budget, monitoring expenses, payments, and remaining budget allocation for different categories.
Note : In addition to the features listed above, you can also implement what you have come up with on your own.

Tech Stacks:

Front-end: Reactjs
Back-end: Nodejs
Database: MongoDB
Deployment process:

   Follow all the given instructions and submit your project with all the requirements.Push all your work files to GitHub in two different repositories as given below.
 Front-end repo name project-name-frontend.
 Back-end repo name project-name-backend.
 Deploy your front-end application on Netlify(https://www.netlify.com) and back-end application on Render(https://www.render.com/). 
Terms and Conditions?

You agree not to share this confidential document with anyone
You agree to open-source your code (it may even look good on your profile!). Do not mention our company’s name anywhere in the code.
We will never use your source code under any circumstances for any commercial purposes; this is just a basic assessment task.
For the capstone, the use case has to be identified by the developer.
NOTE:

 Does your project's code contain any instances of plagiarism or copying? That won't be considered.
 It is your responsibility to follow the Terms and Conditions, violations will not be permitted.